hi it's Chelsy i'm here with brian
horton the art director of the new Lara
Croft Tomb Raider he told me a little
bit about being modern kind of more
realistic design of flora and why you
guys went that way so we love our guns
but we knew we wanted to
so we want to make more believable and
someone who can care about so we decided
to take her down to the origin she's 21
years old now sort of reimagining so
it's not back in time in modern days and
the goal was to try to measure our
believable that's still iconic so
everything you see a batter the clothes
the base the remnant of classic lara
croft but much more grounded in today
it's a lot more gritty and real and
it looks like we when I saw the trailer
that she's armed with nothing and she
kind of starts at the game with nothing
and her goal suppose the other games
she's looking for a relic you know or
something in this game she's looking to
survive could you talk a little bit
about that her theme is definitely
survival so that takes her away from
being reactive to being conversion
reactor she has to find a way to survive
the situation so in that way allows her
to not only have a darker more gritty
story but also get to her place for
growth she's not gonna be sure of
herself in the beginning and if she's
gonna have to learn how to survive but
the thing that we were saying even
though she gets Mulville she has this
inner strength with driving record and
that's where we think the lara croft
know mythology will be continuing how
does this kind of laura croft she is
like a new younger girl how does that
come across the gameplay so the gameplay
is centered around the classic tomb
raider pillars just you know reimagine
for a modern gamer so we still have all
the things that you would imagine having
a tomb raider game there's traversal
there is what we call you know survival
escapes smart resourceful ara and then
there's combat so all these pillars are
still intact it's just the context we
put them into is now grown throughout
the character she she learns how do
these things instead of already having
skills again
really if you could kill zone with a
weapon what would you choose from the
lower crossing that there's going to be
a big actually game somewhere well we
are showing the climbing ax that the bar
will be using in the game is a tool
experience or each component your
progression as a character and just
about us
hello I'm Bayonetta and I like to watch
game zombie TV